The Joe Rogan experience. There could be a bunch of things that played on.
Well, you didn't run when you met me. So, no, I appreciate that. I mean,
I know we're probably scheduled to do this interview, so you couldn't, but.
I was looking forward to this. Why would I run <laugh>? I mean, I was,
I was impressed by your intensity, but I expected that in a way. I mean, I just,
I don't see how you could be a race car driver and not be intense,
especially be a woman and a race car driver and not be.
Intense. Well, that's nothing I even thought about until I was like 14. Um,
for the first few years of racing late life, late way, late in life.
I didn't even think about being a girl out there.
It wasn't until I had cameras following me around my schools and stuff that I
was like, right. Maybe this is, and then they start asking you about it.
They're like, what's it like to be a girl? Like. I never really, I don't know.
Really. Haven't really thought about that. Um, how many.
Other girls do it?
I mean, there are various girls here and there, but you know, like.
In all of NASCAR, how many women are, are racing? Oh, um.
At my level.
No. Yes. Zero. Yeah. That's crazy. Oh, that's pretty crazy. I don't know.
Yeah. That's crazy used to it. Wow. Take it from me. I'm on the, if you'll ask.
Me, what's it like to be a girl in racing? I'm like, uh, well,
I don't really know what it's like to be a guy. So, you know,
I only have my perspective.
That's true. You.
Know? I mean, I don't like being a girl versus a guy. What's the difference?
I don't know. What's it like to be a guy?
Uh, yeah, it probably be different, but I think that like, what's it like to be,
be a woman? That's the only woman who's in NASCAR.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> at your level. That's that's a valid question. I mean,
that's crazy. How, how does everybody else treat you?
Yeah, that, that, that really is the,
the main question I can't answer because I I'm not them. And I, right.
I know that, um, from, from enough experience now,
cause I used to not really look into it much. And in,
in the IndyCar days you couldn't hit each other, you know, you really, I mean,
it was, you know, you could block and things like that.
So there was some guys out there that were and I didn't like 'em, but you know,
sometimes every driver has some Dr.
Some other drivers that they don't really get along with. And so,
but in NASCAR you can hit each other and it's, you have bumpers and, um,
which is really cool, but it also isn't cool because if somebody wants to do it,
they can. So what would I say?
I would say that they don't wanna get passed by a girl and you know what I don't
either. Is that weird? No, I really don't. I mean, I've driven,
I've raced with girls and I don't, I don't like it.
So do you <laugh> do you feel differently when a guy passes you a girl passes?
You probably yes. Yes. In what way? Well, you know,
you just go internally that I'm.
Like, I can't believe my car isn't faster right now.
<laugh> this, this sucks.
<Laugh>. But if it's a guy that passes, but then there are.
Other cars that are not good that I'm like, you know,
come on the radio and I'll be like, uh,
I just want you to see that what car past me and how bad my car is out now,
right now. Um, so it happens with guys too, but you know, I don't know.
It's just a cultural norm that girls aren't good and allow,
you know, aren't very good. And that they, they, um, somewhat don't belong.
And I get like the little bit of animosity at first,
but I would've thought that people would've got got used to it a little bit more
than they did.
So, but you have that cultural animosity, you were saying a little bit. Yeah.
Yeah. But, and.
I don't know where it comes from, but when you say that it's a,
it's a cultural norm. That girls aren't good.
You don't think about that about yourself? No. Yeah. See, I knew that. No,
there's you don't have any doubts. No, I.
Look at everyone out there. I'm like,
you suck because of this and I'm gonna beat you cuz of that and right. Oh God,
I hate you.
And you don't think because I'm a girl I'm not as good as them. No, not at all.
So why would you think that about the other girl? I don't know.
I just did. Cause I'm not used to it. Right. You just,
<affirmative> something you're not used to. Yeah. That.
Makes sense. Yeah. Well also it's like, you're unique. I.
Mean,
what if you were out there in the gym and some girl comes and picks up more
weight than you and you're like, oh, that's weird. I'd be like, that is on.
Roys. <laugh> she's.
Gotta be, she probably would be. But some Amazon.
Some freak, some genetic freak. I try to sign her.
I just bring her to the C don't listen. Kidding.
Do you know how to throw a punch? Yeah. Uhhuh. Yeah. I don't know. I think, um,
I think we all have, uh, cultural prejudices. Yeah. You know,
to a certain extent whether we admit it or not. And you know, maybe you're not,
uh, a bigot. Maybe you're just,
maybe you just have reservations and you're pleasantly surprised when people
surpass those expectations. Yeah. You know, but I would think that, uh,
you would experience,
it's probably more discrimination as a woman, uh, than,
I mean, if you think about a woman doing almost any other job,
like if you're telling me you're the only woman that does that,
mm-hmm <affirmative> and you're at this intense macho job,
this is a intense job. And <affirmative> mean you'd going 200 miles an hour.
BA nah, everybody's, it's nuts. That's a crazy job.
And you're out there at the top of the food chain with all these men. Yeah.
I would, I would imagine there's two things that happen.
There's a bunch of guys that treat you with respect.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> they're like, wow. They'll like impressed. Yep. Yeah.
They're cool with you. They're like, she's one of us. That's right.
And then there's a few that are just mm-hmm <affirmative> and those are just
encourageable. Mm.
<Laugh> man, the amount of times I wish I was good at taking people out.
I wish people knew how hard it was to actually take someone out on track.
It's not that easy. Yeah. Because.
You can risk yourself. Exactly.
Yeah. And if your car doesn't handle very well,
you can't get close enough to 'em. If you could, you would just move the air,
which is almost like hitting 'em and get 'em out of the way.
But sometimes the car doesn't handle well enough. So like,
you'd have to just bomb in there and God willing,
you hit 'em to get you to slow down and then they go sailing and you keep going,
but it's risk.
That's a rare moment, right? Yeah.
Have you done that before? Oh, I've tried to take people. I suck at it.
I absolutely suck at it. I've taken myself out like three times trying to do it.
I mean, look, I'll be the lamb. I don't mind to make a point. Um.
So you do that to make a point, if someone's.
Driving like a Dick. Yeah. Look at you. You're like, yeah. Oh yeah. There was a,
one was the one that was the most sad was, um, uh,
it was a couple years ago.
It was at Martinsville and this is when something was going down with,
it was Matt Kenzie and Joey Lagano. And it was during the chase,
which is the last 10 races of the season. Then they were in the chase,
Matt and Joey and, um, Joey had made it so that Matt couldn't get in.
Cuz he took him out a week earlier, a week or two earlier.
And then they got to Martinsville and it's a very, very small, short track.
It's just a half a mile. And so, um, it,
it's easy to kind of be able to attack if you want to.
And so he just straight took him out and um,
there's a whole big hoopla about it.
People up in arms thought it was totally unfair. And um, anyway,
during the same race, some hits me, takes, spins me out.
And so I come back and I'm a lap down or something cuz he spins me out and I go
to take him out and I just sail off into the corner.
He manages to kind of keep going. I spin again cuz I'm horrible at it.
And uh, turns out that, you know,
I get a $50,000 fine because I am, um,
I'm not racing for a position cuz I was a lap down. Um,
and they applied that because that was also the same race that Matt and Joey had
their big thing. And I think maybe Joey was leading or something like that.
I think he was leading and it was, was on a restart. Um,
so they weren't racing for position either.
So that was kind of like their rule that they put forth to make for.
I mean Matt probably got a hundred or $200,000 fine. But um, there I am,
you know, not the I'm definitely screwed in this scenario,
so I got find 50 grand for it and I'm the one that's out. So.
If you're this other guy racing for a position,
then it's okay to bump into each other. Apparently.
Yeah. So really you're the one that's screwed because if you're racing,
if someone takes you out and then you're still racing for a position now you're
gonna have to be potentially, you know,
putting yourself in another position to get taken out when they started it.
There's a no win for the person that's being aggressed by the
aggressor.
Was it always legal to bump into each other?
Uh, it's gone kind of through waves of different rules, but yeah.
I mean it is legal.
Well when whenever a big accident happens and there's a tragedy,
I would assume that that's when they tighten down the rules. Mm.
Sometimes, sometimes not sometimes.
Sometimes not. They just accept.
That. It just happens sometimes.
It's just usually if there's something like that, that happens.
It's not from one person's action that it's maybe a chain of events that leads
to something like that.
It's one of the rare jobs that you do. That's a sport. Uh,
one of the rare sports where the potential for death is always there. Yeah.
That's true. It is true is.
Of the reasons why you decided like enough, enough, I.
Am not a Daredevil. Like I am not a Daredevil.
I went bungee jumping and that is the bravest thing I've ever done otherwise.
And I only did it because I am afraid of Heights.
So I just needed to know that if I had to conquer a fear.
I could, well, what's your definition of a Daredevil.
You're you're a race driver.
Do things or you can potentially get hurt. <laugh> I'm not though.
That's true.
Yeah. But you're a race car driver.
I know, but I'm a methodical driver. I'm methodical.
I don't go out there and just, you know,
hold it wide open until the car does something and then I'm like, oh,
better lift. Now. I'm like, I'm methodical driver. So I.
Build up, well, I think what you're saying is you're not stupid. Ah, thank.
You. But you're definitely, that's very nice. You thats like a really,
really nice way to say that.
Yeah. You're not dumb, but you're definitely a Daredevil. Thank you. Well,
I'm you have to be, I'm not, there's no way you can not be. I'm.
Just not I'm serious. Have two really knows me. Knows that I'm not brave.
Wow. That's so crazy. I know it's I, I think you're talking crazy,
a crazy talk over.
Here. Well, you know, it's true. I,
I just have been grooming this talent since I was 10 and 26 years later.
I'm I'm okay.
With it. I think it it's both of those things,
but I think there's no doubt that you're a brave person. There's.
Actually, and my first time in a go-kart was horrible.
What were you? Three.
10 <Laugh> 10. And my sister was eight. My dad built the go-karts.
There was a big parking lot out back. So we got like spray hands, WD four,
whatever pop cans. I don't know, whatever. Yeah. I grew up in the Midwest.
So pop, um,
and set 'em up in a big circle for my sister and I to go drive around,
drive our go-karts for the first time. And um, my dad made,
there was a little mistake with the brake pedal and so it stopped working and
um, since I'm 10 and I'm really young and dumb and I don't know what I'm doing,
young dumb and broke, I guess I was. Yeah, like the song goes. Um, but I, um,
I went to hit the brake. It wasn't there.
So instead of just spinning out or continuing to turn,
I just went straight and I was headed for, um, trailer,
like kind of a higher elevated trailer, which would've resulted in decapitation.
And I swerved at the last second and hit a concrete wall and I like go flying
and my arm lays back on the,
on the muffler and my cool puffy a it burns.
And like I bruises all up my legs and on my arms. And uh,
that was my first time in a go-kart within, you know,
five or 10 minutes of being out there. And so, um,
my dad just got a new one and built it and we went racing.
So maybe I am really brave. I don't know. You're right.
Maybe it's I always felt like an Indy car to some degree.
I wasn't brave. Cuz people were willing to do things that were Hmm.
Perceivably more brave. But I also, I did describe them as dumb you're right.
Yeah. So I, I, you're probably a little right. And I'm maybe a little right too,
but you're right.
I think you're definitely brave,
but I think there's definitely a line where bravery becomes stupid because the
risk outweighs the reward.
100% <Laugh>